[Integration][ArgoCD] Fix pages templates (#366)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/argocd/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

# Port_Ocean 0.1.21 (2024-01-25)

### Bug Fixes

> 
> - Fixed pages template to be inside a list (#1)
> 

Author: ```suggestion

- Fixed a bug in the pages templates where the page weren't inside a list, causing the parsing of the integration to fail (#1)

```
